<h3>Essay 01---</h3>

A difference has been observed almost every countries between the upper class people and the lower class people and the gap increases day after day. This essay will discuss the main reasons of inequality including lack of education and unemployment problems. This essay will suggest solutions to these problems along with providing free education and creating job's fields.

In many countries, education is an expenditure field according people's live. A person has lots of demand for his lives scilicet accommodation, foods, healthcare , entertainments and education. If one thing is expensive, poor peoples try to avoid or balance it according their needs. However, as the rich peoples can't face this problem, they have significant money to fulfil their requirement. So, Government can take two solutions to solve this problem. One is make education free for all kinds of people. Another one is try to decrease education cost so that poor family children's can make their educated.Clearly, being able to educate is a key advantage to reduce the intermediate gap.

On the other hand, a unwealthy person needs job for his existence. Without employment, no one is able to improve one's lives. In addition, unemployment drug a person below at the poverty line. Wealthy peoples have their own business so that this can't seem to be problem for their. For solving this problem, government can receive two solutions. One is creating job's fields for education people, for example, give a government loan and try to export manpower with give them proper skills. Another step is vocational education where a person will able to make his own employment. Apparently, an employee person has ability to diminish the gap.

There is empty space between wealthy and wealthy people and this is going to be larger in today's fast paced world. This essay discussed about the vital problems and also gave suggestions how to solve those problems.
